[DOCS] Adds 8.4.2 release notes (#140832)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

Before you upgrade, review the breaking change, then mitigate the impact to your application.

// tag::notable-breaking-changes[]
There are no breaking changes in {kib} 8.4.2.
// end::notable-breaking-changes[]

To review the breaking changes in previous versions, refer to the following:

{kibana-ref-all}/8.3/release-notes-8.3.0.html#breaking-changes-8.3.0[8.3.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.2/release-notes-8.2.0.html#breaking-changes-8.2.0[8.2.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.1/release-notes-8.1.0.html#breaking-changes-8.1.0[8.1.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0[8.0.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-rc2.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-rc2[8.0.0-rc2] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-rc1.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-rc1[8.0.0-rc1] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-beta1.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-beta1[8.0.0-beta1] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-alpha2.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-alpha2[8.0.0-alpha2] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-alpha1.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-alpha1[8.0.0-alpha1]

[float]
[[enhancement-v8.4.2]]
=== Enhancements
Security::

> Adds the ability to log hashed encryption key when {kib} starts to help solve encryptionKey conflicts {kibana-pull}139874[#139874]

Reviewer: __nit:__
```suggestion
Logs a hash of the Saved Objects encryption key (`xpack.encryptedSavedObjects.encryptionKey`) when {kib} starts to make it easier to spot mismatched encryption keys {kibana-pull}139874[#139874]
```
